(Mimikyu only) The first hit it takes is blocked, and it takes 1/8 HP damage instead.
30% chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will be burned.
30% chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will be paralyzed.
30% chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will be poisoned.
30% chance of infatuating Pokemon of the opposite gender if they make contact.
30% chance of poison/paralysis/sleep on others making contact with this Pokemon.
30% chance this Pokemon's ally has its status cured at the end of each turn.
Active Pokemon without this Ability have their Attack multiplied by 0.75.
Active Pokemon without this Ability have their Defense multiplied by 0.75.
Active Pokemon without this Ability have their Special Attack multiplied by 0.75.
Active Pokemon without this Ability have their Special Defense multiplied by 0.75.
After KOing a Pokemon: raises Attack, Sp. Atk, Speed by 1 stage. Once per battle.
After another Pokemon uses a dance move, this Pokemon uses the same move.
At 1/2 or less of this Pokemon's max HP: +1 Atk, Sp. Atk, Spe, and -1 Def, Sp. Def.
At 1/3 or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's offensive stat is 1.5x with Bug attacks.
At 1/3 or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's offensive stat is 1.5x with Fire attacks.
At 1/3 or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's offensive stat is 1.5x with Grass attacks.
At 1/3 or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's offensive stat is 1.5x with Water attacks.
Attack raised by 1 if hit by a wind move or Tailwind begins. Wind move immunity.
Boosts a random stat (except accuracy/evasion) +2 and another stat -1 every turn.
Castform's type changes to the current weather condition's type, except Sandstorm.
Causes sleeping foes to lose 1/8 of their max HP at the end of each turn.
Combination of the Unnerve and Chilling Neigh Abilities.
Combination of the Unnerve and Grim Neigh Abilities.
Does nothing.
Electric Terrain active or Booster Energy used: highest stat is 1.3x, or 1.5x if Speed.
Every move used by or against this Pokemon will always hit.
Fighting, Normal moves hit Ghost. Accuracy can't be lowered, ignores evasiveness.
Fighting, Normal moves hit Ghost. Immune to Intimidate.
Fire damage against this Pokemon is dealt with 1/2 offensive stat; 1/2 burn damage.
Fire-/Ice-type moves against this Pokemon deal damage with a halved offensive stat.
Ghost damage to this Pokemon dealt with a halved offensive stat; can't be statused.
If Aegislash, changes Forme to Blade before attacks and Shield before King's Shield.
If Darmanitan, at end of turn changes Mode to Standard if > 1/2 max HP, else Zen.
If Eiscue, the first physical hit it takes deals 0 damage. Effect is restored in Snow.
If Electric Terrain is active, this Pokemon's Speed is doubled.
If Grassy Terrain is active, this Pokemon's Defense is multiplied by 1.5.
If Minior, switch-in/end of turn it changes to Core at 1/2 max HP or less, else Meteor.
If Morpeko, it changes between Full Belly and Hangry Mode at the end of each turn.
If Rain Dance is active, this Pokemon heals 1/16 of its max HP each turn.
If Rain Dance is active, this Pokemon's Speed is doubled.
If Sandstorm is active, this Pokemon's Speed is doubled; immunity to Sandstorm.
If Sandstorm is active, this Pokemon's evasiveness is 1.25x; immunity to Sandstorm.
If Snow is active, this Pokemon heals 1/16 of its max HP each turn.
If Snow is active, this Pokemon's Speed is doubled.
If Snow is active, this Pokemon's evasiveness is 1.25x.
If Sunny Day is active, this Pokemon cannot be statused and Rest will fail for it.
If Sunny Day is active, this Pokemon's Sp. Atk is 1.5x; loses 1/8 max HP per turn.
If Sunny Day is active, this Pokemon's Speed is doubled.
If Zygarde 10%/50%, changes to Complete if at 1/2 max HP or less at end of turn.
If a physical attack hits this Pokemon, Defense is lowered by 1, Speed is raised by 2.
If ally is Dondozo: this Pokemon cannot act or be hit, +2 to all Dondozo's stats.
If an active ally has this Ability or the Minus Ability, this Pokemon's Sp. Atk is 1.5x.
If an active ally has this Ability or the Plus Ability, this Pokemon's Sp. Atk is 1.5x.
If an ally uses its item, this Pokemon gives its item to that ally immediately.
If another Pokemon burns/poisons/paralyzes this Pokemon, it also gets that status.
If last item used is a Berry, 50% chance to restore it each end of turn. 100% in Sun.
If this Pokemon (not its substitute) takes a critical hit, its Attack is raised 12 stages.
If this Pokemon eats a Berry, it restores 1/3 of its max HP after the Berry's effect.
If this Pokemon eats a Berry, it will eat that Berry again at the end of the next turn.
If this Pokemon flinches, its Speed is raised by 1 stage.
If this Pokemon has a non-volatile status condition, its Defense is multiplied by 1.5.
If this Pokemon has a stat stage raised it is lowered instead, and vice versa.
If this Pokemon has no item and is hit by a contact move, it steals the attacker's item.
If this Pokemon has no item, it finds one used by an adjacent Pokemon this turn.
If this Pokemon has no item, it steals the item off a Pokemon it hits with an attack.
If this Pokemon is KOed with a contact move, that move's user loses 1/4 its max HP.
If this Pokemon is KOed with a move, that move's user loses an equal amount of HP.
If this Pokemon is a Palafin in Zero Form, switching out has it change to Hero Form.
If this Pokemon is a Silvally, its type changes to match its held Memory.
If this Pokemon is a Terapagos, it transforms into its Terastal Form on entry.
If this Pokemon is an Arceus, its type changes to match its held Plate.
If this Pokemon is at full HP, damage taken from attacks is halved.
If this Pokemon is at full HP, it survives one hit with at least 1 HP. Immune to OHKO.
If this Pokemon is at full HP, its Flying-type moves have their priority increased by 1.
If this Pokemon is hit by a physical attack, Toxic Spikes are set on the opposing side.
If this Pokemon is hit by an attack, there is a 30% chance that move gets disabled.
If this Pokemon is hit, it lowers the Speed of all other Pokemon on the field 1 stage.
If this Pokemon is statused, its Attack is 1.5x; ignores burn halving physical damage.
If this Pokemon is statused, its Speed is 1.5x; ignores Speed drop from paralysis.
If this Pokemon is the target of a foe's move, that move loses one additional PP.
If this Pokemon strikes with a critical hit, the damage is multiplied by 1.5.
If this Pokemon's stat stages would be lowered, the attacker's are lowered instead.
If user is Cherrim and Sunny Day is active, it and allies' Attack and Sp. Def are 1.5x.
If user is Wishiwashi, changes to School Form if it has > 1/4 max HP, else Solo Form.
Immune to Intimidate. Intimidated: +1 Attack. Cannot be forced to switch out.
Making contact with this Pokemon has the attacker's Ability become Lingering Aroma.
Making contact with this Pokemon starts the Perish Song effect for it and the attacker.
Moves ignore substitutes and foe's Reflect/Light Screen/Safeguard/Mist/Aurora Veil.
No competitive use.
On switch-in, Attack or Sp. Atk is raised 1 stage based on the foes' weaker Defense.
On switch-in, blocks certain status moves and bounces them back to the user.
On switch-in, extremely harsh sunlight begins until this Ability is not active in battle.
On switch-in, heavy rain begins until this Ability is not active in battle.
On switch-in, or when it can, this Pokemon copies a random adjacent foe's Ability.
On switch-in, strong winds begin until this Ability is not active in battle.
On switch-in, summons Electric Terrain. During Electric Terrain, Sp. Atk is 1.3333x.
On switch-in, summons Sunny Day. During Sunny Day, Attack is 1.3333x.
On switch-in, the effects of Aurora Veil, Light Screen, and Reflect end for both sides.
On switch-in, this Pokemon Transforms into the opposing Pokemon that is facing it.
On switch-in, this Pokemon avoids all Rock-type attacks and Stealth Rock.
On switch-in, this Pokemon copies all of its ally's stat stage changes.
On switch-in, this Pokemon identifies the held items of all opposing Pokemon.
On switch-in, this Pokemon is alerted to the foes' move with the highest power.
On switch-in, this Pokemon lowers the Attack of opponents by 1 stage.
On switch-in, this Pokemon lowers the evasiveness of opponents 1 stage. Once per battle.
On switch-in, this Pokemon restores 1/4 of its ally's maximum HP, rounded down.
On switch-in, this Pokemon shudders if any foe has a supereffective or OHKO move.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Electric Terrain.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Grassy Terrain.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Misty Terrain.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Psychic Terrain.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Rain Dance.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Sandstorm.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Snow.
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Sunny Day.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's Attack and Speed are halved for 5 turns.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's Attack is raised by 1 stage.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's Attack is raised by 1 stage. Once per battle.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's Defense is raised by 1 stage.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's Defense is raised by 1 stage. Once per battle.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's Special Defense is raised by 1 stage.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's Speed is raised by 1 stage.
On switch-in, this Pokemon's allies have their stat stages reset to 0.
Pecharunt: If this Pokemon poisons a target, the target also becomes confused.
Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon have their Ability changed to Mummy.
Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon have their Ability swapped with this one.
Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon have their Speed lowered by 1 stage.
Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon lose 1/8 of their max HP.
Prevents Explosion/Mind Blown/Misty Explosion/Self-Destruct/Aftermath while active.
Prevents foes from choosing to switch unless they also have this Ability.
Prevents opposing Pokemon from choosing to switch out unless they are airborne.
Prevents opposing Steel-type Pokemon from choosing to switch out.
Prevents other Pokemon from lowering this Pokemon's Attack stat stage.
Prevents other Pokemon from lowering this Pokemon's Defense stat stage.
Prevents other Pokemon from lowering this Pokemon's stat stages.
Protects user/allies from Attract, Disable, Encore, Heal Block, Taunt, and Torment.
Speed is doubled on held item loss; boost is lost if it switches, gets new item/Ability.
Speed is raised 1 stage if hit by a Bug-, Dark-, or Ghost-type attack, or Intimidated.
Status moves with accuracy checks are 50% accurate when used on this Pokemon.
Sunny Day active or Booster Energy used: highest stat is 1.3x, or 1.5x if Speed.
Terapagos: If full HP, attacks taken have 0.5x effectiveness unless naturally immune.
Terapagos: Terastallizing ends the effects of weather and terrain. Once per battle.
This Pokemon and its allies are protected from opposing priority moves.
This Pokemon and its allies cannot be poisoned. On switch-in, cures poisoned allies.
This Pokemon and its allies cannot fall asleep; those already asleep do not wake up.
This Pokemon and its allies' Steel-type moves have their power multiplied by 1.5.
This Pokemon and its allies' moves have their accuracy multiplied by 1.1.
This Pokemon appears as the last Pokemon in the party until it takes direct damage.
This Pokemon blocks certain Status moves and bounces them back to the user.
This Pokemon can only be damaged by direct attacks.
This Pokemon can only be damaged by supereffective moves and indirect damage.
This Pokemon can poison or badly poison a Pokemon regardless of its typing.
This Pokemon cannot be burned. Gaining this Ability while burned cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be confused. Immune to Intimidate.
This Pokemon cannot be forced to switch out by another Pokemon's attack or item.
This Pokemon cannot be frozen. Gaining this Ability while frozen cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be infatuated or taunted. Immune to Intimidate.
This Pokemon cannot be made to flinch. Immune to Intimidate.
This Pokemon cannot be paralyzed. Gaining this Ability while paralyzed cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be poisoned. Gaining this Ability while poisoned cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be statused, and is considered to be asleep.
This Pokemon cannot be struck by a critical hit.
This Pokemon cannot fall asleep. Gaining this Ability while asleep cures it.
This Pokemon cannot lose its held item due to another Pokemon's Ability or attack.
This Pokemon copies the Ability of an ally that faints.
This Pokemon damages those draining HP from it for as much as they would heal.
This Pokemon does not take damage from attacks made by its allies.
This Pokemon does not take recoil damage besides Struggle/Life Orb/crash damage.
This Pokemon draws Electric moves to itself to raise Sp. Atk by 1; Electric immunity.
This Pokemon draws Water moves to itself to raise Sp. Atk by 1; Water immunity.
This Pokemon eats Berries at 1/2 max HP or less instead of their usual 1/4 max HP.
This Pokemon gains the Charge effect when hit by a wind move or Tailwind begins.
This Pokemon gains the Charge effect when it takes a hit from an attack.
This Pokemon has a 30% chance to move first in its priority bracket with attacking moves.
This Pokemon has a 33% chance to have its status cured at the end of each turn.
This Pokemon has its non-volatile status condition cured when it switches out.
This Pokemon has its status cured at the end of each turn if Rain Dance is active.
This Pokemon heals 1/4 of its max HP when hit by Electric moves; Electric immunity.
This Pokemon heals 1/4 of its max HP when hit by Ground moves; Ground immunity.
This Pokemon heals 1/4 of its max HP when hit by Water moves; Water immunity.
This Pokemon ignores other Pokemon's stat stages when taking or doing damage.
This Pokemon is healed 1/4 by Water, 1/8 by Rain; is hurt 1.25x by Fire, 1/8 by Sun.
This Pokemon is healed by 1/8 of its max HP each turn when poisoned; no HP loss.
This Pokemon is immune to Ground; Gravity/Ingrain/Smack Down/Iron Ball nullify it.
This Pokemon is immune to Status moves.
This Pokemon is immune to bullet moves.
This Pokemon is immune to powder moves, Sandstorm damage, and Effect Spore.
This Pokemon is immune to sound-based moves, unless it used the move.
This Pokemon is not affected by the secondary effect of another Pokemon's attack.
This Pokemon moves last among Pokemon using the same or greater priority moves.
This Pokemon receives 1/2 damage from sound moves. Its own have 1.3x power.
This Pokemon receives 1/2 damage from special attacks.
This Pokemon receives 3/4 damage from supereffective attacks.
This Pokemon restores 1/3 of its maximum HP, rounded down, when it switches out.
This Pokemon skips every other turn instead of using a move.
This Pokemon switches out when it reaches 1/2 or less of its maximum HP.
This Pokemon takes 1/2 damage from contact moves, 2x damage from Fire moves.
This Pokemon's Attack is 1.5x and accuracy of its physical attacks is 0.8x.
This Pokemon's Attack is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.
This Pokemon's Attack is doubled.
This Pokemon's Attack is raised 1 stage if hit by a Grass move; Grass immunity.
This Pokemon's Attack is raised by 1 stage after it is damaged by a Dark-type move.
This Pokemon's Attack is raised by 1 stage if it attacks and KOes another Pokemon.
This Pokemon's Attack is raised by 1 when damaged by Fire moves; can't be burned.
This Pokemon's Attack is raised by 2 for each of its stats that is lowered by a foe.
This Pokemon's Defense is doubled.
This Pokemon's Defense is raised 2 stages after it is damaged by a Water-type move.
This Pokemon's Defense is raised 2 stages if hit by a Fire move; Fire immunity.
This Pokemon's Defense is raised by 1 stage after it is damaged by a move.
This Pokemon's Fire attacks do 1.5x damage if hit by one Fire move; Fire immunity.
This Pokemon's Ground/Rock/Steel attacks do 1.3x in Sandstorm; immunity to it.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Electric type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Fairy type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Flying type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Ice type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Sp. Atk is raised by 1 stage if it attacks and KOes another Pokemon.
This Pokemon's Sp. Atk is raised by 1 when it reaches 1/2 or less of its max HP.
This Pokemon's Sp. Atk is raised by 2 for each of its stats that is lowered by a foe.
This Pokemon's Special Attack is raised by 1 stage when another Pokemon faints.
This Pokemon's Speed is raised 1 stage at the end of each full turn on the field.
This Pokemon's Speed is raised 1 stage if hit by an Electric move; Electric immunity.
This Pokemon's Speed is raised by 6 stages after it is damaged by Fire/Water moves.
This Pokemon's Status moves go last in their priority bracket and ignore Abilities.
This Pokemon's Status moves have priority raised by 1, but Dark types are immune.
This Pokemon's Water power is 2x; it can't be burned; Fire power against it is halved.
This Pokemon's accuracy can't be lowered by others; ignores their evasiveness stat.
This Pokemon's allies have the power of their moves multiplied by 1.3.
This Pokemon's allies have the power of their special attacks multiplied by 1.3.
This Pokemon's allies receive 3/4 damage from other Pokemon's attacks.
This Pokemon's attacks are critical hits if the target is poisoned.
This Pokemon's attacks do 1.25x on same gender targets; 0.75x on opposite gender.
This Pokemon's attacks do not make contact with the target.
This Pokemon's attacks have 1.3x power if it is the last to move in a turn.
This Pokemon's attacks have a 30% chance of badly poisoning.
This Pokemon's attacks that are not very effective on a target deal double damage.
This Pokemon's attacks that are super effective against the target do 1.25x damage.
This Pokemon's attacks with recoil or crash damage have 1.2x power; not Struggle.
This Pokemon's attacks with secondary effects have 1.3x power; nullifies the effects.
This Pokemon's attacks without a chance to flinch gain a 10% chance to flinch.
This Pokemon's bite-based attacks have 1.5x power. Bug Bite is not boosted.
This Pokemon's contact moves have a 30% chance of poisoning.
This Pokemon's contact moves have their power multiplied by 1.3.
This Pokemon's contact moves ignore the target's protection, except Max Guard.
This Pokemon's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage.
This Pokemon's damaging moves hit twice. The second hit has its damage quartered.
This Pokemon's evasiveness is doubled as long as it is confused.
This Pokemon's healing moves have their priority increased by 3.
This Pokemon's held item has no effect, except Macho Brace. Fling cannot be used.
This Pokemon's highest stat is raised by 1 if it attacks and KOes another Pokemon.
This Pokemon's moves and their effects ignore the Abilities of other Pokemon.
This Pokemon's moves are changed to be Normal type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's moves cannot be redirected to a different target by any effect.
This Pokemon's moves have 10% more power for each fainted ally, up to 5 allies.
This Pokemon's moves have their accuracy multiplied by 1.3.
This Pokemon's moves have their secondary effect chance doubled.
This Pokemon's moves of 60 power or less have 1.5x power, including Struggle.
This Pokemon's multi-hit attacks always hit the maximum number of times.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is doubled against a target that switched in this turn.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.3 while using an Electric-type attack.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.5 while using a Dragon-type attack.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.5 while using a Rock-type attack.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.5 while using a Steel-type attack.
This Pokemon's pulse moves have 1.5x power. Heal Pulse heals 3/4 target's max HP.
This Pokemon's punch-based attacks have 1.2x power. Sucker Punch is not boosted.
This Pokemon's same-type attack bonus (STAB) is 2 instead of 1.5.
This Pokemon's sleep counter drops by 2 instead of 1.
This Pokemon's slicing moves have their power multiplied by 1.5.
This Pokemon's sound-based moves become Water type.
This Pokemon's type changes to the type of a move it's hit by, unless it has the type.
This Pokemon's type changes to the type of the move it is using. Once per switch-in.
This Pokemon's types change to match the Terrain. Type reverts when Terrain ends.
This Pokemon's weight is doubled.
This Pokemon's weight is halved.
This side's Grass types can't have stats lowered or status inflicted by other Pokemon.
When an opposing Pokemon has a stat stage raised, this Pokemon copies the effect.
When hit after Surf/Dive, attacker takes 1/4 max HP and -1 Defense or paralysis.
When one of this Pokemon's stat stages is raised or lowered, the amount is doubled.
When this Pokemon eats certain Berries, the effects are doubled.
When this Pokemon is hit by an attack, the effect of Grassy Terrain begins.
When this Pokemon is hit by an attack, the effect of Sandstorm begins.
When used, Gravity/Heal Block/Safeguard/Tailwind/Room effects last 2 more turns.
While this Pokemon has 1/2 or less of its max HP, its Attack and Sp. Atk are halved.
While this Pokemon is active, Abilities have no effect.
While this Pokemon is active, a Dark move used by any Pokemon has 1.33x power.
While this Pokemon is active, a Fairy move used by any Pokemon has 1.33x power.
While this Pokemon is active, it prevents opposing Pokemon from using their Berries.
While this Pokemon is active, the Dark Aura and Fairy Aura power modifier is 0.75x.
While this Pokemon is active, the effects of weather conditions are disabled.
While this Pokemon is burned, its special attacks have 1.5x power.
While this Pokemon is poisoned, its physical attacks have 1.5x power.