(Mimikyu only) The first hit it takes is blocked, and it takes 1/8 HP damage instead.
30% chance of infatuating Pokemon of the opposite gender if they make contact.
Castform's type changes to the current weather condition's type, except Sandstorm.
Causes sleeping foes to lose 1/8 of their max HP at the end of each turn.
Combination of the Unnerve and Chilling Neigh Abilities.
Combination of the Unnerve and Grim Neigh Abilities.
Does nothing.
Fighting, Normal moves hit Ghost. Immune to Intimidate.
If Aegislash, changes Forme to Blade before attacks and Shield before King's Shield.
If Darmanitan, at end of turn changes Mode to Standard if > 1/2 max HP, else Zen.
If Eiscue, the first physical hit it takes deals 0 damage. Effect is restored in Snow.
If Minior, switch-in/end of turn it changes to Core at 1/2 max HP or less, else Meteor.
If Morpeko, it changes between Full Belly and Hangry Mode at the end of each turn.
If Zygarde 10%/50%, changes to Complete if at 1/2 max HP or less at end of turn.
If last item used is a Berry, 50% chance to restore it each end of turn. 100% in Sun.
If user is Wishiwashi, changes to School Form if it has > 1/4 max HP, else Solo Form.
Moves ignore substitutes and foe's Reflect/Light Screen/Safeguard/Mist/Aurora Veil.
No competitive use.
On switch-in, extremely harsh sunlight begins until this Ability is not active in battle.
On switch-in, heavy rain begins until this Ability is not active in battle.
On switch-in, strong winds begin until this Ability is not active in battle.
On switch-in, the effects of Aurora Veil, Light Screen, and Reflect end for both sides.
Prevents Explosion/Mind Blown/Misty Explosion/Self-Destruct/Aftermath while active.
Prevents foes from choosing to switch unless they also have this Ability.
Prevents opposing Pokemon from choosing to switch out unless they are airborne.
Prevents opposing Steel-type Pokemon from choosing to switch out.
Protects user/allies from Attract, Disable, Encore, Heal Block, Taunt, and Torment.
Terapagos: If full HP, attacks taken have 0.5x effectiveness unless naturally immune.
Terapagos: Terastallizing ends the effects of weather and terrain. Once per battle.
This Pokemon and its allies are protected from opposing priority moves.
This Pokemon and its allies cannot be poisoned. On switch-in, cures poisoned allies.
This Pokemon and its allies cannot fall asleep; those already asleep do not wake up.
This Pokemon and its allies' Steel-type moves have their power multiplied by 1.5.
This Pokemon appears as the last Pokemon in the party until it takes direct damage.
This Pokemon can only be damaged by direct attacks.
This Pokemon can only be damaged by supereffective moves and indirect damage.
This Pokemon can poison or badly poison a Pokemon regardless of its typing.
This Pokemon cannot be burned. Gaining this Ability while burned cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be confused. Immune to Intimidate.
This Pokemon cannot be forced to switch out by another Pokemon's attack or item.
This Pokemon cannot be frozen. Gaining this Ability while frozen cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be infatuated or taunted. Immune to Intimidate.
This Pokemon cannot be made to flinch. Immune to Intimidate.
This Pokemon cannot be paralyzed. Gaining this Ability while paralyzed cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be poisoned. Gaining this Ability while poisoned cures it.
This Pokemon cannot be statused, and is considered to be asleep.
This Pokemon cannot be struck by a critical hit.
This Pokemon cannot fall asleep. Gaining this Ability while asleep cures it.
This Pokemon cannot lose its held item due to another Pokemon's Ability or attack.
This Pokemon copies the Ability of an ally that faints.
This Pokemon damages those draining HP from it for as much as they would heal.
This Pokemon does not take damage from attacks made by its allies.
This Pokemon does not take recoil damage besides Struggle/Life Orb/crash damage.
This Pokemon eats Berries at 1/2 max HP or less instead of their usual 1/4 max HP.
This Pokemon gains the Charge effect when hit by a wind move or Tailwind begins.
This Pokemon gains the Charge effect when it takes a hit from an attack.
This Pokemon has a 30% chance to move first in its priority bracket with attacking moves.
This Pokemon has a 33% chance to have its status cured at the end of each turn.
This Pokemon has its non-volatile status condition cured when it switches out.
This Pokemon has its status cured at the end of each turn if Rain Dance is active.
This Pokemon heals 1/4 of its max HP when hit by Electric moves; Electric immunity.
This Pokemon heals 1/4 of its max HP when hit by Ground moves; Ground immunity.
This Pokemon heals 1/4 of its max HP when hit by Water moves; Water immunity.
This Pokemon ignores other Pokemon's stat stages when taking or doing damage.
This Pokemon is healed 1/4 by Water, 1/8 by Rain; is hurt 1.25x by Fire, 1/8 by Sun.
This Pokemon is healed by 1/8 of its max HP each turn when poisoned; no HP loss.
This Pokemon is immune to Ground; Gravity/Ingrain/Smack Down/Iron Ball nullify it.
This Pokemon is immune to Status moves.
This Pokemon is immune to bullet moves.
This Pokemon is immune to powder moves, Sandstorm damage, and Effect Spore.
This Pokemon is immune to sound-based moves, unless it used the move.
This Pokemon is not affected by the secondary effect of another Pokemon's attack.
This Pokemon moves last among Pokemon using the same or greater priority moves.
This Pokemon receives 1/2 damage from sound moves. Its own have 1.3x power.
This Pokemon receives 1/2 damage from special attacks.
This Pokemon receives 3/4 damage from supereffective attacks.
This Pokemon restores 1/3 of its maximum HP, rounded down, when it switches out.
This Pokemon skips every other turn instead of using a move.
This Pokemon switches out when it reaches 1/2 or less of its maximum HP.
This Pokemon takes 1/2 damage from contact moves, 2x damage from Fire moves.
This Pokemon's Fire attacks do 1.5x damage if hit by one Fire move; Fire immunity.
This Pokemon's Ground/Rock/Steel attacks do 1.3x in Sandstorm; immunity to it.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Electric type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Fairy type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Flying type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Normal-type moves become Ice type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's Status moves go last in their priority bracket and ignore Abilities.
This Pokemon's Status moves have priority raised by 1, but Dark types are immune.
This Pokemon's Water power is 2x; it can't be burned; Fire power against it is halved.
This Pokemon's allies have the power of their moves multiplied by 1.3.
This Pokemon's allies have the power of their special attacks multiplied by 1.3.
This Pokemon's allies receive 3/4 damage from other Pokemon's attacks.
This Pokemon's attacks do 1.25x on same gender targets; 0.75x on opposite gender.
This Pokemon's attacks have 1.3x power if it is the last to move in a turn.
This Pokemon's attacks have a 30% chance of badly poisoning.
This Pokemon's attacks that are not very effective on a target deal double damage.
This Pokemon's attacks with recoil or crash damage have 1.2x power; not Struggle.
This Pokemon's attacks with secondary effects have 1.3x power; nullifies the effects.
This Pokemon's attacks without a chance to flinch gain a 10% chance to flinch.
This Pokemon's bite-based attacks have 1.5x power. Bug Bite is not boosted.
This Pokemon's contact moves have a 30% chance of poisoning.
This Pokemon's contact moves have their power multiplied by 1.3.
This Pokemon's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage.
This Pokemon's damaging moves hit twice. The second hit has its damage quartered.
This Pokemon's healing moves have their priority increased by 3.
This Pokemon's held item has no effect, except Macho Brace. Fling cannot be used.
This Pokemon's highest stat is raised by 1 if it attacks and KOes another Pokemon.
This Pokemon's moves and their effects ignore the Abilities of other Pokemon.
This Pokemon's moves are changed to be Normal type and have 1.2x power.
This Pokemon's moves cannot be redirected to a different target by any effect.
This Pokemon's moves have 10% more power for each fainted ally, up to 5 allies.
This Pokemon's moves have their secondary effect chance doubled.
This Pokemon's moves of 60 power or less have 1.5x power, including Struggle.
This Pokemon's multi-hit attacks always hit the maximum number of times.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is doubled against a target that switched in this turn.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.3 while using an Electric-type attack.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.5 while using a Dragon-type attack.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.5 while using a Rock-type attack.
This Pokemon's offensive stat is multiplied by 1.5 while using a Steel-type attack.
This Pokemon's pulse moves have 1.5x power. Heal Pulse heals 3/4 target's max HP.
This Pokemon's punch-based attacks have 1.2x power. Sucker Punch is not boosted.
This Pokemon's same-type attack bonus (STAB) is 2 instead of 1.5.
This Pokemon's sleep counter drops by 2 instead of 1.
This Pokemon's slicing moves have their power multiplied by 1.5.
This Pokemon's sound-based moves become Water type.
This Pokemon's type changes to the type of a move it's hit by, unless it has the type.
This Pokemon's type changes to the type of the move it is using. Once per switch-in.
This Pokemon's types change to match the Terrain. Type reverts when Terrain ends.
This Pokemon's weight is doubled.
This Pokemon's weight is halved.
This side's Grass types can't have stats lowered or status inflicted by other Pokemon.
When used, Gravity/Heal Block/Safeguard/Tailwind/Room effects last 2 more turns.